>> Michael: Good morning.
My name's Michael Lopp and it's a pleasure
to be back here at WWDC talking with you
about leveraging web content in
Max OS X applications with WebKit.
As I said, my name's Michael Lopp, I run the online store.
And this is what the online store looks like,
in case you haven't had a chance to see it.
This is web content and let's go ahead and leverage it.
There; what we're going to do here, the story,
the story behind this presentation starts
with Sting, if you can believe it or not.
This is a feature that's in GarageBand that we
announced in MacWorld called Artist Lessons.
And last summer we came, GarageBand team came to us and they
said, hey we want to do this feature called Artist Lessons.
And what it was, if you guys don't know is, this is
an amazing feature inside of GarageBand where Sting
and other artists actually teach
you how to play these songs.
And it's beautiful high, high production
quality, gorgeous applications.
Now Online Store Music Lessons, what's going on here?
What they wanted to do, they have some very successful
requirements, they wanted, these files are really big.
They're like half a gig to a gig and a half in size.
And that means they weren't going to
get them all on the High Life DVD.
The other thing is they want to charge for them, obviously.
And the other thing was they were
going to constantly have new ones.
The fourth thing was what they wanted to do is
they actually wanted to embed the experience
of merchandising and browsing inside of the application.
They wanted to not have it be a jarring
jump into another application experience.
And so that's what we did for them.
This is the Lesson Store.
And this is the media browser inside of GarageBand.
And if we've done our job well, you will not
know that everything over there on the right,
everything in the black box is the same
thing as you were seeing on that first slide
that I told you, showed you, the white page.
That's the store.
We embedded it.
We did some amazing things with WebKit, and we did some
amazing technology that we guys want to talk about today.
The nice thing about this is you stay
inside of GarageBand the entire time.
You're purchasing, you're downloading,
everything happens inside of GarageBand
It's a really beautiful user experience.
And the reason, what we're going to talk about
today is actually what we learned as part
of this process of embedding this store inside of it.
What's happening that's really
cool is that platforms are merging.
On one side you've got Cocoa; on
the other side you've got the Web.
And what we're able to do, thanks to a lot of technologies
that we're, Apple's producing, is you can start to pick
and choose the respective parts to build something new.
The GarageBand browser is Cocoa, it's gorgeous, it's
beautiful, and it's the store all working together.
And again, you probably will never notice when you're
coming, or when you're leaving, or coming inside of it.